docs: update generic workflow description in documentation (#420)
equinor/ecalc: docs/docs/about/modelling/workflow/generic_workflow.md

          ide4_A -. yes .-> ide4_A_1{"`Invalid Compressors?`"};
          ide4_A_1 -. yes .-> ide4_A_1_1(["`Either head or rate is too high`"]);

>           ide4_A_1_1 --> ide4_A_1_2(["`Based on the qaulity and uncertianty of data, user can either adjust history operational points or charts to fit history data`"]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ide4_A_1_1 --> ide4_A_1_2(["`Based on the quality and the uncertainty of the data, the user can either adjust the historical operational points or adjust the charts to fit the historical data`"]);
```

    
          ide4_A -. yes .-> ide4_A_3{"`Invalid Pumps?`"};
          ide4_A_3 -. yes .-> ide4_A_3_1(["`Either head or rate is too high`"]);

>           ide4_A_3_1 --> ide4_A_3_2(["`Based on the qaulity and uncertianty of data, user can either adjust history operational points or charts to fit hisotry data`"]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ide4_A_3_1 --> ide4_A_3_2(["`Based on the quality and the uncertainty of the data, the user can either adjust the historical operational points or adjust the charts to fit the historical data`"]);
```
